# Current/Emerging Trends in Computer Science
CS-370 Southern New Hampshire University

## Briefly explain the work that you did on this project: What code were you given? What code did you create yourself?
For this project, I was given all of the code except for the Q-Training Algorithm code block inside the Jupyter notebook file, which I had to write myself. This project was challenging for me due to the fact that the best computer I own is a 2012 Macbook Pro. Although the Intel i7 CPU is powerful, training the model on CPU power is at minimum 10x slower than using a GPU. Tensorflow currently only supports NVIDIA's CUDA for GPU acceleration. Unfortunately, the GPU in my old Macbook Pro is not supported by CUDA or Tensorflow. I was instead able to run the Jupyter notebook using Microsoft's Azure AI platform with my student account, configured with a GPU. In the end, I was able to borrow a 2021 Macbook Air with Apple M1 chip to leverage Apple's tensorflow-metal PluggableDevice in TensorFlow v2.5 to complete the project.
## Connect your learning from throughout this course to the larger field of computer science:
### What do computer scientists do and why does it matter?
Computer scientists innovate new technologies to make our lives simpler. Just in the past few decades we have seen a huge amount of innovative new technologies that have changed our lives forever. One example is something that today you cannot imagine life without: smart phones. For AI specifically, there are many possible applications in today's society. AI is used in a wide range of fields such as agriculture, healthcare, marketing, hospitality, music, art, video games, automotive, aviation, and so on and so forth. I am going for a BS in Computer Science so I can be able to tackle a wide variety of problems in an ever-expanding range of fields.
### How do I approach a problem as a computer scientist?
As a computer scientist, the first thing I would do when approaching a problem is figuring out the simplest way to solve the issue. I would ask myself if there have been similar problems in the past, and if so, conduct research to find the simplest and fastest algorithm to solve that problem. I would then run several tests using various algorithms to see if I am getting the results I expected and make changes as needed, such as changing environment variables or adding additional epochs. Once I am satisfied with the result, I would publish my findings to benefit society as a whole.
### What are my ethical responsibilities to the end user and the organization?
As a computer scientist, there are several ethical responsibilities to both the end user and the organization. When in the field of AI in particular, it is important to remove any machine biases and keeping private data secure. Since AI relies on data for training, it is important to not use data that will teach the AI certain biases. As the saying goes, "bias in, bias out." The other main ethical responsibility in the AI field is to ensure all private data is secure. Since AI relies on large quantities of data to train the models, it is important to ensure all data is secure.
